You asked your grandfather to bring 2 million
Oh, I remember now.
It's the last time I took Yanpin and pretended to be
The old thing of the chairperson of Huacan Group
Hahahaha
You asked him to bring you 2 million
This is the best joke I've heard this year
Hahaha
He's so 2 million you wouldn't live in a shitty house like this
Even if I say 10 minutes is a waste of time
Might as well take it apart now
Finish work early
OK, satisfy you.
Tell me, why are you in such a hurry to do it?
Are you afraid of losing? You fart
Brother Li is the only son of the Jiang family
In the future, he will inherit billions of family assets
Afraid of you pauper
I just have no eyesight at all
Jiang family only son
It turns out that the Jiang family has never admitted my existence
Yes, the Jiang family is ashamed of you
Don't say wait for you for 10 minutes
Even if you wait 100 minutes
You can't take out 2 million
This house still needs to be demolished
You still have to kneel and kowtow to me and apologize
We have to face the Jiang family for us
Huacan Group explained it clearly, right?
2 million cash delivered
Mr. Chen, this is Chairperson Xiao
Let me bring you 2 million cash
Please sign for it.